MANIFEST.in
README.md
_snowboydetect.so
config.py
maison.service
maison.sh
mqtt_speak.py
setup.py
FSTA/__init__.py
FSTA/action.py
FSTA/cortical_language_analyser.py
FSTA/eyes.py
FSTA/fred_language_analyser.py
FSTA/group.py
FSTA/installation.py
FSTA/language_analyser.py
FSTA/mqtt_speak.py
FSTA/phrase.py
FSTA/plugin.py
FSTA/scenario.py
FSTA/speaker.py
FSTA.egg-info/PKG-INFO
FSTA.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
FSTA.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
FSTA.egg-info/requires.txt
FSTA.egg-info/top_level.txt
resources/common.res
resources/distance_syntaxique.xlsx
resources/3D/FSTA_3D.skb
resources/3D/FSTA_3D.skp
resources/3D/FSTA_3D.stl
resources/3D/FSTA_3D_cover.stl
resources/3D/FSTA_3D_top.stl
resources/3D/pam8403-audio-amplifier.png
resources/Hotwords/Ok Kodi.pmdl
resources/Hotwords/maison.pmdl
resources/Hotwords/salon.pmdl
resources/Hotwords/snowboy.umdl
resources/hotwords/Ok Kodi.pmdl
resources/hotwords/alexa.umdl
resources/hotwords/maison.pmdl
resources/hotwords/salon.pmdl
resources/hotwords/snowboy.umdl
resources/rules/TV.scenario
resources/rules/cava.scenario
resources/rules/chauffage_epinal.scenario
resources/rules/chuck.scenario
resources/rules/date.scenario
resources/rules/exemple.group
resources/rules/exemple.scenario
resources/rules/fuel.scenario
resources/rules/kodi.scenario
resources/rules/lumiere.scenario
resources/rules/maison.group
resources/rules/meteo.scenario
resources/rules/musique.scenario
resources/rules/stop.scenario
resources/rules/ta_gueule.scenario
resources/rules/volume.scenario
resources/rules/volume_denon.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/TV.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/cava.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/chuck.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/date.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/exemple.group
resources/rules - Copie/exemple.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/fuel.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/kodi.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/lumiere.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/maison.group
resources/rules - Copie/meteo.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/musique.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/stop.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/ta_gueule.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/volume.scenario
resources/rules - Copie/volume_denon.scenario
resources/tuto/Boite crev√©.PNG
resources/tuto/Capture du 2017-03-22 23-11-51.png
resources/tuto/DSC01313.JPG
resources/tuto/FSTA - Page 1.png
resources/tuto/HP.PNG
resources/tuto/cSwGdnfJ.png
resources/tuto/chainage max7219.PNG
resources/tuto/composants.png
resources/tuto/composants.psd
resources/tuto/config.py.PNG
resources/tuto/main.PNG
resources/tuto/micro.PNG
resources/tuto/pam8403.jpg
resources/tuto/pi-and-max7219_bb.png
resources/tuto/snowboy.png